- A lot of people are worried about synergies, but I can tell you that
- statistics show
- there is no danger of increased cancer risk from synergies.
- However, it's better to be safe than sorry.
-  I'm going to demonstrate how you how we can leverage a synergy.
- First of all, I've got this banana
- This banana represents "Web 2.0" and look,
- I've written on it some "user-generated content"
- just to prove the point [You Suck, WTF, LOL]
- I take my "Web 2.0" and I put it in an envelope
- marked "paradigm shift".
- OK. Very important, I put the envelope down and
- With a bit of "blue sky thinking"
- I "push the envelope"
- Then, I take my leverage mallet, and
- URGH!
- RGRRRRRARGRGGH!!
- ...and there we can see a synergy, leveraged.